[Music]
every day I get an answer I don't know who
answers I don't know who
tells you a lot of people from here the ones that the
painters that form there suddenly in an
improvised way and so on no and and you would get
hooked on them all obviously
you're not going to get hooked on auronplay has
broken the house in Minecraft I don't know what
man yes I
go I go to that house and I keep
breaking it also it's that we
talk about the house of Minecraft of
video games
but do you think that
because she's a journalist she's stupid she plays video
games well
at least I'm going Metal Gear solid I
invented it I was the first in the
whole world with that one that played a great game and
tea in three and such was it fantasy or not you
played fantasies the video that we're going to
put now
okay we're going to give the first clue because
I want that until someone doesn't
guess right in the chat Marina we're not going to
put it either come on come on no let's see give
a clue Javi but of course don't give the
clue either of course we can say that she's a
television personality But we can say
her I think I put it on Twitter in
fact we can't say her profession no
Yeah well  Yes yes yes yes yes yes he is an
iconic presenter of the country, that's it, that's the big
clue because we go
with all due respect to the rest of our
colleagues But you say
iconic presenter and it comes to you, it's one, it's one, they have already
put it, they have already put it I have already
seen it but not Javi but don't say it
because people,
well, they are saying everything, everything,
everything, I love it, I love it, first of all,
no, the majority has said it,
someone on Twitch, I'm freaking out,
this is too old for me, eh, I don't
understand these things, Javi, I'm going to
make tweets too because I have seen,
seen, What the iconic presenter is going to
cause,
no, no, what they are putting, hail, but
referring to this boy, Cristian
Gálvez, no, no,
but, Ah, well, they have already said it, okay, they have
got 90% right,
family, we have
this, it is magical, I mean, it is fantasy, say it, it is fantasy, I
put it here, okay, family, We
have
a message
for television to the SEO
and to announce
the future because this is another step
in this type of media, okay,
we have
an exclusive for Teresa salseo
and for the reason,
no, well, the reason, okay, say it  say it No, it hasn't gone
wrong, eh Look, no gossip
at all. I
know that you published the article because I didn't
want to say it exclusively,
to remove it, to prove him wrong.
Also, there was news this
afternoon,
gossip, okay, come on like that. Ramón García,
family has a message for this
program.
How are you?
How are you? Well, I think I have to
remove it and put it back because I haven't
shared the audio, okay, I'm going to, I'm going to
remove it and put it back but with
audio and in the meantime we're going to sing. It
's the Grand Prix. It's the Grand Prix. The
program of the grandfather and the child as if
Javi is going to start. Let the heifer
give him a good beating. You can see
your whole desktop. no, no, no, no, no, no. La La La La La La La La La
La it's done. We'll put it on. We'll
put it on. Come on,
what a fantasy, family.
Hello Javi. How are you? How are you? Well, nothing. I
am a
ranch, they
are different, they are other chimes.
Yes, maintaining the tradition of a man
with a camba, the clock of the Puerta del Sol
so that everyone together.
How beautiful, me when I when you
sent me this.  at noon you didn't
send it to me I don't say Sorry, I mean Ramón
García Hello Javi How are you How are you I mean
brutal But why do you see it more
clearly I don't see it that way because he
's a colleague of mine in Castilla la Mancha and we
see each other every time we coincide and such
clear why do you think that he made this
video because we coincided yesterday on TV of
course he is presenting the program
one of the most successful programs on the
channel which is in company in the afternoon
which is like a program Juan and a half you know
if it works very well In fact they always
put out memes on social networks and yes it
's true that I want to say that he watches
YouTube your names sounded familiar to him
and evidently he's going to ring the
bells with ibai remember that
last year in terms of
viewers you know more about the metrics
of Twitch and these platforms but in
viewers he won unique he beat mediaset I do
n't know if he made two million in total two
million and a bit an outrage I mean and
this year there are a thousand of us and that's what
I'm telling you Always that I would
sign for us to always stay at
least like that I mean  Imagine two million
people Marina, can you imagine that we are
here one day
we hear the bells, totally,
totally, man, it would be crazy, yes, it is
true that it is mind-blowing because in
Ramón's case it is bringing together the past and the
present of communication with the
present and the future, that if it goes And
then that tandem And that he has
known how to adapt in that way to this
leaves me bald and Even the Grand Price
that many people here will have seen and we have
seen, there is a possibility that it will be
done again in tweets I mean,
imagine a Grand Prix in tweets, that's
where we are getting to It is
absolutely crazy, don't mess around, let's
surely do it, surely it will be there
I imagine even if it is like something
specific, you know, or an event like this, it is almost
going to last a day, but it will be done, I am going to
put it again because people say that it was
heard wrong. Oh, okay, okay,
let's listen to it again. But this has
been a fantasy, let's see, tell me what you
think of this, please tell me what
you think of this.
Hello Javi, how are you? How are you? Well, nothing.
I am  reboncho here Marín has messed me up
this day 31 you already know that I'm going to
ring the bells again in twist with
ibai they are different they are other bells
maintaining the tradition of a man with a
cape the clock of the Puerta del Sol so
that all together it
was brutal next week we are going to
have another new video more surprising
than this one here the man thing Of course of course We have to keep
improving Javi when we
think that improvement does not exist it exists it
exists a
kiss to Ramón if he is watching us eh a
kiss Ramón Thank you very much the truth is
that here you are already seeing the reaction in
the chat everyone adores you and I am
seeing that people have loved
watching they say hairs standing up ole
lots of applause a
very big hug no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no next week
louder believe me I already have
something in mind next week louder already
to say goodbye to this uncertain 2022 with an
absolute fantasy come on I'll tell you yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes no no no no
that I have already thought okay let's go
being Fidel albian you can't imagine Can you
imagine man that would be the great
fantasy because it will never happen because we are not
going to listen to him Talk send it to
ibai maybe one knows yes yes Yes in
fact Ramón has told me that ibai
says that well I don't know now Javi Maybe you
know better that he hardly leaves the house and
that it cost him Of course because what
Ramones said I want it to be in Madrid and
ibai said you know how to move get
there okay Yeah exactly This
then he says that last year when I
was in Madrid ibai that he freaked out because he
said god Of course in the Puerta del Sol with
the balcony he says but if this is what I have
lived my whole life from home Yeah yes
How beautiful Ramón is what he told me
he says we are not competing with anyone We are going to
fight against us to surpass the
figure from last year that I don't know you
Javi that you understand more about this maybe it
may not be viable with the
repercussion that ibai has had there this
year or what is viable in the sense that
the audience let's see are numbers that I don't know let's
see the biggest in  Twitch In fact I do
n't know if right now we won't be able to broadcast
everything on TV, for example, look at
How Do You Dominate, not everyone is on here
because there are a lot of people who
ask, who ask not to be, okay, in fact,
girl. Thank you very much, King Javi.
Sorry that's not the case, but today it
's at the canijo. Yes, also, brutal, girl, don't
miss it because Ah, I also
want to go to the canijo. Yes, yes, well, come
because you
want to be there. No, no, no
[Laughs]
the owner of the canijo and you
kick me out and I'll simply put on the
most viewed and all this and these
things that I usually see on Twitter.
One thing I
can ask you is if we can do a
get-together with people for next year
in Seville because I love Seville in
Seville, don't ask me, set a date,
well, the date I'll set it, but
people will come, they don't
buy cards and dress up as Rocío
Carrasco.
Maybe we will. We'll see each other there,
who knows. I don't know, we can, someone will
come. I hope people come,
give it a like right now, everyone
who would come, give it a like, everyone who
comes, can you imagine everyone
Look at this, let's see. This is a slow day,
okay, because we have to keep in mind
that right now. This last week
or so has been slow in
viewers. But in general, okay, it
's not anyone in particular or anything like that.
This last week, well, we're all
having a little bit less than we
usually have, but it's because
I imagine that the date, these days
of preparations or whatever. Okay,
so I went and normally it's
more or less around here. The
normal days, days when there's nothing going on. You know, days when he
connects to talk to
people in the chat. Maybe they'll see some
related video and he goes and has 62,000
viewers at the moment, so
these are the top ones because it's
really funny to me that then,
buddy, they often get angry. Oh, I
have 3,000 viewers, I have
4,000. That's why I always tell you, Marina.
We
compete with ourselves, with surpassing
ourselves and with our audience being
happy, okay. Why? Because I
can't compete with anyone. I
'm not competing with Diego Carraval, nor
am I competing with Carola, nor am I
competing with anyone.  But I have a
question Javi Javi I have a question, for
example I was going and it says 61
61,970 for whatever reason is that average
or is it the top the golden minute the
viewers it has right now right now
or rather these people are
live all these people are live
right now these people are live
right now
but that's a lot this is a lot of
people no that's why I'm telling you that
we within the world of gossip
are the first okay we're
doing this and it's not a few people because
I always say that even if there are a thousand
people in the chat it seems like a lot to me you
know but the big big Tops and I'm
telling you this because there's
competition between colleagues that is put
Oh because I have two thousand and the other
has 1500 Oh because I have 4000 and the
other has 3000 let's see family the
big numbers are these eBay which has
61,000 and maybe he's talking about what he
did today while they took the
dog out I mean it's not to say that it's
a special day because he has some
Agüero there with him I'm not there go right now he will
be  Surely talking about the
link or something for kids The
Sprint the blond the blond is quiet today I do
n't know why you're so quiet today maybe
because it's just started and
people are coming in it has 18,000
viewers or so these are the Tops
what happens when I went I know
special events for example the other
day there was an event that was like
a very televised contest I already saw it I saw it I saw
a little I saw a little Yes Within
a box I don't know how long and I
think it had the peak between 300,000 and
400,000
things like or so my ambition Marina is
that we here have that audience
or so that's what the channels have not the
programs no How much does it have for
example Castilla la Mancha, the one you
work on, let's see clearly it's not the same it's
a regional channel I don't know how much it can in the
program in which I am with you
Well I don't know if it's 60,000 70,000
but let's go that I already believe that is a
regional channel  Of course it's like Telemadrid
you know the other day Antonio Rossi
shared the audience and people were saying
what the hell gentlemen it's a regional channel I
mean you can't compare a
national channel you know it has nothing we're
on YouTube and here I mean a regional channel
only people from the community can see it
but yes we are on the internet
everyone's viewers so my ambition is for
us to have here every
day normally 60,000 50,000 viewers
and when there's something special then at
least 200,000 300 like these people that's
our our our goal you know
and you go for example to events and more
Tops like for example the evening
and the New Year's Eve chat I don't remember
how much it was but I think the evening
was three and a half million people
imagine three and a half million
people in the chat Marina it's that no I can't get
over it we're not going anymore what's happening word it's that it
is strong eh three and a
half million people in the chat my
God from my love Pancracio the
bell ring I think it was 800,000  or a
million or something like that Javi next year
you and I are going to give them from Seville
from the Giralda from the highest point
Yes, I say the last quarter, she's worth it for a
little ego
[Music]